readme and changelog updates (#410)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocRAND: README.md

# rocRAND

The rocRAND project provides functions that generate pseudorandom and quasirandom numbers.

The rocRAND library is implemented in the [HIP](https://github.com/ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP)
programming language and optimized for AMD's latest discrete GPUs. It is designed to run on top

> of AMD's [ROCm](https://rocm.github.io/) runtime, but it also works on CUDA-enabled GPUs.

Reviewer: broken link
```suggestion
of AMD's [ROCm](https://rocm.docs.amd.com) runtime, but it also works on CUDA-enabled GPUs.
```
